---
layout: layouts/post
title: Linux 101 October 2019
author: Starbeamrainbowlabs
date: "2019-10-02"
tags: 
- news 
- workshops 
- events
---

Last semester, Freeside ran a workshop called _Linux 101_. While it wasn't blogged about here (it should have been - though the leader of the workshop blogged about it [on their personal blog](https://starbeamrainbowlabs.com/blog/article.php?article=posts/347-Delivering-Linux-101.html)), it introduced participants to Linux, what it is, and how it can be useful to them - culminating with the compiling and running of some simple C# code.

Encouraged by the success of this first workshop, Freeside are going to be re-running a new and improved version of the workshop this semester! Are you confused about Linux? Would you like to know the basics of how to use Linux? Or where Linux is used today?

Come along to Linux 101! The sign up process for this semester has been greatly simplified.

- **Date:** Tuesday 8th October 2019
- **Time:** 4pm until 6pm
- **Location:** Cray Lab (RBB-321), Robert Blackburn building, University of Hull

Simply fill in this form to register:

**<https://forms.gle/FfCZUYCX5U9iixoh9>**

In today's world, Linux is everywhere - even if you don't notice it. Having skills in Linux look great on a CV - and our workshop is perfect for introducing you to Linux and it's potential.

- Learn the basics of Linux
- Discover where Linux is used today
- Learn you can use Linux to boost your next project

As part of this, Freeside is also planning a further 2 related workshops that will run later this year, so keep an eye out for those too!
